Upgrade Viam Rover to use wired or RC power (#84)
viam-devrel/viamcodelabs: site/viamguides/src/rover-power/rover-power.md

### Wired 15V DC Supply

1. Plug your DC power supply into the barrel jack-to-screw terminal adapter.
1. Connect two jumper wires. Double-check polarity before applying. Power—reversed connections can damage your board. In the example below, the power (positive) wire is brown instead of a typical red color.
   - Brown (positive) wire to +
   - Black (ground) wire to –
     ![connect adapter to jumper wires](assets/wireToBarrel.png)

> aside positive
> **RC LiPo Battery (3S)**
>
> - Connect the battery’s output leads to a screw terminal adapter.
> - Ensure polarity is correct. If using a LiPo battery, use a voltage alarm to avoid over-discharge.
>   - Red to +
>   - Black to –

<!-- ------------------------ -->

## Connect to the Rover

Duration: 2

### Connect power supply to the rover

1. Insert the brown (positive) wire into the VIN + terminal on the rover's upper PCB.
1. Insert the black (ground) wire into the VIN – terminal.
1. Tighten both screws firmly.

   ![full power connection](assets/fullWired.png)

### Power On and Test

1. Plug in the power supply or connect the RC battery.

> 1. Observe the onboard voltage display should show the inbound voltage. The Viam Rover 2 has a buck converter to safely downgrades the voltage to 12V.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Observe the onboard voltage display, which should show the inbound voltage. The Viam Rover 2 has a buck converter to safely downgrade the voltage to 12V.
```
